Intoduce -latency_percentile flag for the benchmark_app tool (#6479)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: inference-engine/samples/benchmark_app/README.md

    -layout                     Optional. Prompts how network layouts should be treated by application. For example, "input1[NCHW],input2[NC]" or "[NCHW]" in case of one input size.
    -cache_dir "<path>"         Optional. Enables caching of loaded models to specified directory.
    -load_from_file             Optional. Loads model from file directly without ReadNetwork.

>     -latency_percentile         Optional. Defines the percentile which will be reported in latency metric. The applicable values range is [0, 100]. The default value is 50.

Reviewer: -latency_percentile         Optional. Defines the percentile to be reported in latency metric. The valid range is [**1**, 100]. The default value is 50 (median).

Author: ```suggestion
    -latency_percentile         Optional. Defines the percentile to be reported in latency metric. The valid range is [1, 100]. The default value is 50 (median).
```
